[Change Log for Analysis Routines]

30.3.2001 [ian] changed spikes to use full axis control. Added some help 
options in vshelp.m, add to this file and call it.... Rowland, I don't  
know what the best way to do the global Z axis thing is because Max will 
depend on what the user has selected in the movie GUI.  So I don't have 
access to it. Maybe we have a special measure without the plotting 
stuff???

09.04.2001 [Rowland] uploaded new version of HwHH: Now allows diagonal 
tuning curves Have discovered that -dbitmap -dmeta arguments for the print 
command are only for sending things to the clipboard: Hence the blank 
files being created: Have removed the 'offending' options from the 
program!

25.04.2001 [ian] Updated Spikes to 1.52. Now the burst analysis is fully 
integrated into the program, use measure o nit so you can do exactly as 
you would to normal spike train. jigged UI a bit,added a red text box at 
top tolet user know if data.psth is being measured(normal) or data.bpsth 
(burst) Also added new program CFIT to measure several tuning curves.  
Used for Weis drug analysis.

20.5.2001 [ian] Added another program, SPlot, which plots individual  PSTH 
figures, and additionally performs further analysis  on them. Called from 
Spikes. Spikes also allow you to load  text files, this is a bit of a 
quick fix until i come up with a better  solution as you need to put 
cheat.mat in the root directory. Big changes will be happening soon 
because we have a new  way to load spike data directly, a windows program 
to load  .SMR files. The data format has changed a bit, and also  
somethings are easier.

13.7.2001 [Rowland] Added support for .txt and .smr file loading using vsx 
to load smr files.  This change uses 3 new frogbit routines, which convert 
output from .doc/txt/smr to a temporary file which has the same 
correspondance between header line no. and variables for each file type. 
Also 'streamlined' the juggling of variables where there are 3 independent 
variables involved. Data structure now contains protocol info, filetype, 
repeats and (for txt/smr files) cycles, modulation & trial times.

16.7.2001 [Rowland] Also changed lsd to deal with the way that for the 
last trial in numbered spike list file, VSX seems to fill  in incomplete 
modulations with spike times that are before(!!!)  the last trial started.

20.11.2001 [ian] I've fixed quite a few minor bugs in spikes and added a  
few more programs for analysis, those notable being a difference  of 
gaussian fitting program (dogfit), and 1D and 2D gaussian fitting 
routines. Files have been cleaned up a bit....

22.01.2002 [ian] Spikes up to 1.63. We have had a hard to track down bug 
that has been making spikes unstable. Think it has been largely 
erradicated.  However, had to stop the waitbar working and made a few 
other changes. Spikes has also been updated to allow it to load single 
modulation data.  other general changes to User has been made.

05.04.2002 [ian] Spikes to V1.65. Lots of small bug fixes, and also dogfit 
and the  gaussfit routines all working well. I've got FFT to work but 
errorbars  a problem still. The big bug is still sometimes affecting 
Spikes. I think  that matlab has a graphics routine error somewhere. It is 
matlab and not  spikes related.   

25.04.2002  [ian] Spikes to V1.666! Imporved the GUI, fixed the errorbar 
on FFT and cleaned  stuff up generally. The big matlab crashing bug seems 
to have died... 

05.06.2002 [ian] Quickly did what i've been meaning to do for ages, move 
the frogbitrun.exe into the user directory (frogbit subdirectory) to make 
\user self contained. No need to install frogbit now, unless you want to 
write new frogbit scripts. Don't need to do anything with path.

06.06.2002 [ian] I've reduced the number of seperate global variable 
passed to and from the GUI by using just one structure 'sv' in spikes 
(data structure remains unchanged). This is a bit cleaner, as I've moved 
all the main callbacks for the GUI into the GUI's .m file (ala Matlab 6 
style) for easier editing.